something great happened that day do
fans still come up to you and talk to
you about all the time it was amazing
did it really happen Deb rescored what
it happened some kind of way
I don't know why it was a day a heavily
favored LSU team saw a 21 to 7 lead
disappeared
yeah me and Jack we kind of looked back
on it like we are the reason bluegrass
miracle happily yeah we did I mean
Randall are chasing the guy the second
half avalanche was just about complete
and LSU berry you know one of their
players called a timeout we were not
gonna call a timeout evidently everybody
didn't get the message and then also I
was noticing that Saban tried to call
timeout to ice the kicker he didn't get
it
however what could it really matter with
11 seconds left an LSU down three all
their fans are coming behind us yeah
yeah Greg Stringfield he's telling all
of us to put your helmets on put your
helmets on shut up we know we lost we
don't need you to remind us you know
there's no way we can win
you take return team goes out on the
field I thought the best chance we have
I just ran out of bounds and give our
office a chance to you know complete a
pass or two then we get some penalty and
I think we ended up starting off inside
the team but the mentality had been play
hard for sixty minutes playing for sixty
minutes or 60 minutes we called up all
goals e dagger
instead of going 20 I go 17 yards
because I feel a little rush that we're
gonna run out of time
jump up and call timeout to seconds left
we had 80 yards to go or it's just got
some Gatorade dumped on them I think you
feel a whole lot better had the clock
ran out
yeah I love it he got with nothing well
we only have one play I got here Jimbo
Fisher calling down to save me - right
93 Berlin 93 Berlin thanks for Berlin I
could remember the look on everybody's
phasing well alright ballgame because
you see it all the time we practicing
there never work it always gets
intercepted or knocked down the boss
snap rolled out a fight you release the
ball the destur shooting fireworks I
knew he could throw the ball but he
threw it as I'm going up the great
people of Louisiana would say that I
tipped that ball and you know it just
sounds great that I tipped it in you
know if you ask me
yeah I tipped it but the truth of the
matter is I didn't tip it everything was
kind of cluttered from where I was and I
knew for a fact I was out of position
the majority of us were out of position
I know he didn't catch their ball he
must have caught it he musta caught it
you know all of a sudden I'm just at the
bottom of a pile don't wanna pile I get
a little face time and you see Clayton
give me they're like yeah we got they
say you notice this thing is 810 feet
high
somebody's at the bottom of this being
hurt
is there any piece of you that feels bad
for Kentucky
oh no not one piece
not bad for me it just felt good for us
they actually celebrate it too early I
didn't feel bad for the Kentucky
football team because this is football I
felt bad for the fans it's absolutely
horrible it's bad it's bad running
across the field as the LSU player ran
by another system until his day they
still think about how they were pulling
the goalposts though for a close loss
you needed a miracle to win I know once
I caught the ball no stopping me from
getting in his own I just happen to be
in the right place at the right time LSU
fans across the world will never forget
that moment fans that meet me always
give me a story where they were when
they saw it or how they missed him when
when he thought the game was over and I
turned the TV up that game was just as
most excitement as winning a national
championship it was just as much
excitement as winning a Super Bowl Billy
cannon run these are one of the moments
in LSU's history that you die for